# pandas-challenge
Heroes of Pymoli

  In this repository, data analysis of a fictional game, titled Heroes of Pymoli, is performed to create multiple dataframes, including a purchasing analysis table (by age, and by gender), most popular items, player demographics, and more. From these dataframes, various conclusions can be made which could help the video game company make educated decisions to increase profits, and even expand their playerbase.
  By observing the "Gender Demographics"  and "Age Demographics" tables, it is clear that the majority of players are males aged 20 - 24 years old. This is most likely due to the nature of the game appealing to this specific demographic. If the company wanted to boost their playerbase, they would be wise to advertise to 20 to 24 year old males.
  Uncoincidentally, many items in the "Most Popular Items" list also appear in the "Most Profitable Items" list. In order to increase revenue generated through this specific outlet, the company could advertise these popular/profitable items to players that may not already have said items. Or, they could have a sale on less-profitable items to increase the popularity for these items, which would in turn increase earnings through the less profitable items.
  Finally, the "Top Spenders" table shows that out of 576 players, the most a player has spend is around $18. If the company wanted to increase the average Total Purchase Value, they could offer a free item 1 time after spending more than $20 on any combination of items. This would incentivise players to buy more items, at the cost of nothing to the company.
